README.md, before:


<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PabloCorbCon/Taur/master/branding/logobanner.png" align="center">
<h1 align="center">TAUR</h1>

---

Taur is a Discord bot written with the discord.py library that implements a **large number of commands**, although it is
still in the early stages of development. **Every week we add three new commands** to Taur, which are previously tested.

**You can invite the last version of Taur using [this link](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=745535486784831509&scope=bot&per:)**

Taur also has his own **discord server**. You can join it today to receive support or try Taur [here](https://discord.gg/rEZYpkX)

Invite the **developer version of Taur** to your server [here](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=745535486784831509&scope=bot&per:)

The developer version of Taur is not active all the time, just when someone is working on Taur. It implements the most recent commands and most of them
are not tested yet.

---

<h5 align="center">Commads</h6>
<h6 align="center">General</h6>

    
command: Shows the commands of the bot
    
invite: Provides a link to invite Taur to a server
    
support: Provides support about Taur
    
ping: Pings the user using the latency of the bot
    
chat: Taur uses a neural net to chat with you.
    
members: Returns all the members in the server
    
joke: Taur tells one of his bad jokes

<h6 align="center">Moderation</h6>

Commit message:

kick command added to README.md

README.md, after:


<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PabloCorbCon/Taur/master/branding/logobanner.png" align="center">
<h1 align="center">TAUR</h1>

---

Taur is a Discord bot written with the discord.py library that implements a **large number of commands**, although it is
still in the early stages of development. **Every week we add three new commands** to Taur, which are previously tested.

**You can invite the last version of Taur using [this link](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=745535486784831509&scope=bot&per:)**

Taur also has his own **discord server**. You can join it today to receive support or try Taur [here](https://discord.gg/rEZYpkX)

Invite the **developer version of Taur** to your server [here](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=745535486784831509&scope=bot&per:)

The developer version of Taur is not active all the time, just when someone is working on Taur. It implements the most recent commands and most of them
are not tested yet.

---

<h5 align="center">Commads</h6>
<h6 align="center">General</h6>

    
command: Shows the commands of the bot.
    
invite: Provides a link to invite Taur to a server.
    
support: Provides support about Taur.
    
ping: Pings the user using the latency of the bot.
    
chat: Taur uses a neural net to chat with you.
    
members: Returns all the members in the server.
    
joke: Taur tells one of his bad jokes.

<h6 align="center">Moderation</h6>

kick: Kicks an user from the discord server.
